Hi, can I come here to give another one?
tooth in the last one since
the law did not go very quickly
I did not notice the way I'm doing the
girl I'm here in domestication
I just got home I went in the box.
and had an order had to
It's a gift I was already waiting for.
this gift because he knew that he had
spoken to me he had sent who sent
elizabeth of surnames difficult
been in close and I do not know how to talk about
Her friend's name arrived until at last
I open for you to see
I already passed the knife so to cut it
the tape on the other side also I passed
I happened to be easier to
play while you 're watching
so let's go people without too much blabla
Let's see what she told me is
God's work silva colored in
from cutie
so have a cat yes there is only one
card people that beautiful legend of the people
I hope you like the same ones that you
God bless the wind in the name of Jesus
christ in the middle received the name of jesus
our Lord and Savior because God in
says that we should bring our
dreams of victory for honor and glory
Lord God's Name Calls Existences
things that do not yet exist Romans 4
the joy of the Lord is our strength
a big kiss with a lot of affection from your
friend from far away
I do not know, I do not think I think so.
this is the abbreviation united states
elizabeth floor in jesus christ ps
the cap and I made my god, I died
according to what I felt in my heart but
It can be a little girl yesterday I imagine
What is the same brigade?
We talk for everyday
so Isabel was always in love with her
You have such wonderful words for me.
to help
so come on people
Hi guys, I got it!
said so it was such a gift
so I understand what you want
say is a gift from my hubby already
very beautiful solve I cried to the guará and
will surely decorate the room of the
My little girl from my little girl or
girls and boys without her knowing if the
people one time she did to my god
Can you imagine a little head here?
I thought people there myself knowing
God bless you to see if you can not
there is nothing else like that outside packing and
beautiful to see here
Hey guys look at that luxe bracelet and a
little bracelet for me
Ayew through this friend to me for my
Baby
I want to see if I see that paper
play here in
right here but that's right I love to know
God bless you, my dear.
bless the wind also that all
God desires of your heart may
I had a lot in Christ too.
Thank you, thank you for the affection of a
gesture, thank you same people
Thank you for watching, I want.
Thank you, I want to take advantage of this video.
people to thank all the subscribers
on my channel
now at the moment we are with 11,285
Thank God we are thankful for you.
Thank you for signing up here.
on the channel you 're always watching my
videos commenting thanks
even from the bottom of my heart
God bless the lives of all of you people
do not forget our great phrase to
our phrase of the victory of the wheels
tries before and takes care of more than
people who need this word of
hope at any point in life
do not forget that God's will is good
it's perfect and nice
kiss people